Update model card's eval results documentation (#1144)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/model-cards.md

### Evaluation Results

You can specify your **model's evaluation results** in a structured way in the model card metadata. Results are parsed by the Hub and displayed in a widget on the model page. Here is an example on how it looks like for the [bigcode/starcoder](https://huggingface.co/bigcode/starcoder) model:

<div class="flex justify-center">
<img class="block dark:hidden" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/eval-results-v2.png"/>
<img class="hidden dark:block" src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/eval-results-v2-dark.png"/>
</div>

> The metadata spec is based on Papers with code's [model-index](https://github.com/paperswithcode/model-index). This allow us to directly link the results to Papers with code's leaderboards when appropriate. You can also link the source from where the eval results has been computed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metadata spec was based on Papers with code's [model-index specification](https://github.com/paperswithcode/model-index). This allow us to directly index the results into Papers with code's leaderboards when appropriate. You can also link the source from where the eval results has been computed.
```
maybe better

Here is a partial example to describe [01-ai/Yi-34B](https://huggingface.co/01-ai/Yi-34B)'s score on the ARC benchmark. The result comes from the [Open LLM Leaderboard](https://huggingface.co/spaces/HuggingFaceH4/open_llm_leaderboard) which is defined as the `source`:

```yaml
---
model-index:
  - name: Yi-34B
    results:
      - task:
          type: text-generation
        dataset:
          name: ai2_arc
          type: ai2_arc
        metrics:
          - name: AI2 Reasoning Challenge (25-Shot)
            type: AI2 Reasoning Challenge (25-Shot)
            value: 64.59
        source:
          name: Open LLM Leaderboard
          url: https://huggingface.co/spaces/HuggingFaceH4/open_llm_leaderboard
---
```

For more details on how to format this data, check out the [metadata spec](https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/modelcard.md?plain=1).

> ### CO2 Emissions

Reviewer: 👍

> ### CO2 Emissions

Author: but it's so ugly :cry:
